hey guys I'm here with xqc the tank for
Team Canada you guys just completed you
got the silver medal against South Korea
but I mean against one of the countries
with you know top eSports talent not too
shabby
can you tell me what it was like playing
against them yeah busy they're very very
punishing there's not a lot of room for
error and their River dominant and their
play sounded very aggressive so they go
fast and they go hard and it's it's
intimidating but we got a couple maps I
mean we got one that but it was it was
good I think now I'm not sure if you
heard everyone from the crowd but you
know when US got knocked out everyone
looked to Canada as na zloz hope so you
had basically I think like 90% of the
crowd cheering you on does that affect
you or your team at all I mean it felt
good like you know when you win a fight
that you hear the crowd or whatever I
never let the crowd affect me that much
whether it's you know people were
chanting like against us or for us I you
know there's like headphones like white
noise so I just tune it out I went up on
a computer and I look at the screen and
that's pretty much it I there's nothing
else coming in perfect it's complete
focus
but obviously the crowd and all the fans
loved you because you were voted the MVP
of the World Cup what does that mean to
you I love you like super honest doesn't
mean that much in terms of because it's
meb so you know like performance I
didn't really earn it in terms of
performance it was very much like a
popular vote but I should appreciate
people voted for me and I'm super
grateful people are amazing
and yeah it's been a it's been a ride
it's been very nice but it's definitely
for the bragging rights though like you
can go to your teammates and go I'm MVP
you aren't you guys have to buy me
victory dinner now right something like
that I guess yeah but just a trophies a
minute to have and I'll probably just
put it home as my only trophy ever I
guess I mean not really but yeah well
you got picked up on Dallas fuel for the
overwatch Lee correct I just spoke with
your teammate Seagal he was talking a
little bit about you you know building
you up what's your experience like so
far with Dallas fuel um they're all
amazing I heard they vouched to me when
I when I was done with tryouts which was
very nice very prestigious because
they're like the you know most
successful team and whatever that's like
super you know it's like an honor to
play for them and
I met for the first time I think it was
Segal and time ooh act like I did the
Buzzard party and it was just like
amazing it was there's like super
down-to-earth and weird like a lot of
fun these guys are amazing
seriously really is there anything that
you learned from the overwatch World Cup
or maybe playing with all these awesome
people on your team that you're gonna
carry over to the overwatch league play
on LAN obviously my only land was World
Cup qualifier and here so playing with
the state play on stage playing with the
lights with the people with the noise
you know it's it's an experience you
know you gotta get get better with it
mmm yeah that's pretty much it playing
Allan seriously it's it's different but
not that much I think a lot people make
make it seem like a big deal like oh
this guy's proven on land it's a thing
but it doesn't affect that many people I
think is there anything that you are
particularly super excited about or
maybe nervous about going into the
overwatch league um yeah social media
they roll me over they uh you know when
I when I when I do well they get hype
when I do poorly is like you know
they're crushing me so it's always a you
know it's like giving taking I mean so
yeah I don't know anything else
I'm sure you made a lot of new fans from
people watching you guys fight back
against South Korea you guys had a lot
of really close games and I was
definitely cheering out there for you
last thing I wanted to ask you is there
anything that you would like to say to
your fans out there um they just
supported me the whole way I mean I
didn't expect this at all you know I was
just playing on the stream and just
doing my thing for the whole way and
then here we are it's you know it's like
it's like a big step and to be really
really fair I think the people from the
stream and the people from yeah that are
part of this journey you really made me
stay and stick and just continue trying
to get better and better and I would
probably stop Midway if it wasn't for
them so I'm a lot and yeah I'm super
glad I'm saying I'm thankful well thank
you so much for taking the time to talk
with us I really wish you the best of
luck
coming into the overwatch league and for
everyone else you could check
more for Plissken content sponsored by
omen by HP here on the YouTube channel
thanks to omen for supporting our
content they are a new partner of the
overwatch League and you can follow them
on twitter at omen by HP